# 01 The princess and the party pony

Twilight looks at the broken bed, then at the three still standing beds. She looks at the rest of us and says, “I don’t think anyone wants to sleep on a broken bed, so we’ll all have to share,” She looks at me and asks, “Pinkie, want to share the left bed with me?”

_Oh my gosh. She asked me to sleep in the same bed as her._

“Pinkie?”

_Sharing a bed with my crush, what more could I want._

“Pinkie?”

_I bet she is really cute when shes sleeping._

“PINKIE”

I shake my head to clear my mind and reply, “yes Twilight?”

“Do you want to share a bed or not?” Twilight asks a little annoyed.

I sheepishly reply, “yes.”

Twilight trots to the left side of our bed and I go to the right, leaving our friends to decide their own sleeping arrangements.

_Oh, there are so many things I want to do with you. This is gonna be so much fun!_

When I get to the bed it hits me, I’m gonna be sharing a bed with my crush.

_Oh fiddlesticks, I can’t do anything with Twilight, she obviously didn’t mean it like that. What am I going to do?_

I notice Twilight is already on the bed and staring at me. She asks, “are you sure your fine with sharing a bed with me? You seem a bit distracted, more than usual.”

I look at her and smile, “Yes Twilight,” _you got this Pinkie Pie. All you have to do is lie down next to your crush and not think about it._

I get in the bed and we both get comfortable, facing away from each other._ Oh, who am I kidding, of course I’m gonna think about her._

I turn over and watch as the blanket above Twilight slowly moves up and down. _She does look really cute laying there._

About ten minutes later I decide I can’t take it anymore.

_What should I do? Is this a good time to ask her? How do I ask? What is she says no and doesn’t want to be my friend anymore?_

I start tearing up at this thought but stop myself. _That’s silly, Twilight wouldn’t do that, right?_

_Come on Pinkie, get yourself together, you can do this. Just think._

_I could try cuddling up next to her. No, that might startle her and make her uncomfortable._

_I could just ask her out. But what if she says no, then this whole night would be really awkward and I’d probably need to sleep on the floor._

_Maybe I can ask her about it indirectly and get her opinion on it. She does give good advice. yea._

I poke Twilight’s back and softly whisper, “Twilight, can I ask you something?”

She looks over at me before slowly turning over to face me. She whispers, “sure, does it have to do with how you’ve been acting?”

I answer, “yes, I’m sorry about how I’ve been acting, I need some advice. Think you could help me?” I give her a small smile.

Twilight smiles at me and says, “Sure, what’s troubling you?”

I reply in a hushed rapid voice, “Well you see I have a really big crush on one of my friends and I don’t know how she would react to me asking her out. I don’t want her to freak out and not want to be my friend anymore, but it’s hard to hide my feelings for such a great pony much longer.”

Twilight takes a moment to process my words and replies, “well, I think if this pony really is your friend then she wouldn’t abandon your friendship because you have a crush on them. besides you never know, _she_ might even like you back. And if you’re scared of asking her out you could make a small move of showing affection and see how she reacts. Do something small that sends the message I really like you.”

“Thanks, Twilight, your the best,” I say as I go in to give her a super duper hug.

As we hug she responds, “your welcome Pinkie.”

_That’s a great idea, ill give her a small peck on the cheek after this hug and hope it goes well._

I hold the hug for a bit before I slowly pull away. _You got this. _I turn my head to the right and plant a small tender kiss on her cheek before leaning back down on the bed.

I give her my best smile as I watch the red form in her cheeks. She looks at me and says, “I had a feeling you were talking about me.”

I ask a little nervous, “what do you think? Do you want to go out with me?”

She replies, “yes,” as she leans down and kisses my cheek.

I start blushing hard. I was about to start singing when Twilight silenced me with a hoof, “Sshh, you don’t want to wake our friends, right?”

I reply, “no, thank you.”

Twilight hugs me. _This is so great!_

I return the hug and say, “thank you Twilight, your the best.”

We both enjoy the hug and Twilight says, “no problem Pinkie.”

We end the hug and both lie down facing each other. We lie in silence for a few minutes before I start having a mini party. I move my legs in slow dance-like motions to be quiet and still have fun. A few seconds later Twilight giggles and joins in on my little rave.

Twilight smiles at me and I smile back.

I quietly sing to her.

“Twilight is my bestest friend

Whoopie, whoopie!

She's the cutest, smartest, all-around best pony, pony!

I bet if I throw a super-duper fun party, party!

She'll give her _love_ to me!”

Twilight says blushing, “Pinkie, that was really sweet.”

I look at her and blush, we lock eyes. I stare into her beautiful purple eyes. She slowly moves closer to me and I do the same.

We kiss. Her lips feel amazing against mine. So soft and welcoming. _This is so great, I don’t think this night could have gone better. I might be about to cry._

And that’s just what I do when the kiss is over.

Twilight notices and asks in a worried tone, “Why are you crying? What’s wrong? Did I do something wrong?”

“No, these are tears of joy,” I say.

She hugs me. I hug back, letting my tears flow. Once my tears are done I leave the hug and look at Twilight.

She looks at me and says, “I don’t know about you but that party tuckered me out, let’s get some sleep for the festival tomorrow.”

“Same, let’s go to bed,” I reply.

She turns over and lays her head on the pillow. A few minutes later I slowly lay next to her and put my leg over her, holding her.

She lifts her head and looks at me. I start moving away apologizing, “I’m sorry I didn’t m--”

Twilight interrupts me, “Its ok Pinkie, I liked it.”

I let out a sigh of relief and snuggle up to her, laying my head on her mane.

She takes my hoof in hers and holds it.

I kiss the back of her neck and whisper, “goodnight Twilight.”

Goodnight Pinkie,” She whispers back.
