# 02 The stunt pony and the shy pony

I watch as Twilight and Pinkie go to there bed. I look at Fluttershy and notice she’s looking at me. _It looks like she has the same idea as me._

“Fluttershy, wanna bunk with me?” I ask her.

She replies, “Sure Rainbow Dash.”

I Trot to the left side of the middle bed, it looks to be the smallest bed of the three. _I’ll let Rarity and Applejack have the big bed, me and Fluttershy can handle being a bit cramped._

I watch Fluttershy get in the bed from the right side, then get in myself. We face away from each other, our backs are pressed together from how small the bed is. The warmth of her back feels nice against mine.

“Night Fluttershy,” I whisper.

“Goodnight Dashie,” She whispers back.

I lay there not able to clear my mind, distracted by the events of the day. _What is up with this town? It doesn’t even look like there is a festival, shouldn’t stuff already be setup? I hope this isn’t a trick to get us out here. I’m sure we could handle it, I mean I am here._

I was so lost in thought I barely notice Fluttershy turn over in the bed.

I definitely do notice her scooting _really _close to me and laying her head on the back of my neck. _It’s fine, she probably just wasn’t comfortable in the other position._

I continue my train of thought. _We need to talk to the mayor tomorrow. He should be able to tell us whats going on. I’m sure its all just a misunderstanding and the festival will be awesome like me._

I stop my train of thought when I realize, I feel _calmer. _Like everything was going to be alright, somehow. I look down and see Fluttershy had put her hoof over me and was holding me. _When did she do that?_

I listen to her breathing for a few seconds and determine she is probably asleep. _I’ll leave it, she probably did it in her sleep, and I don’t want to disturb her. _Besides it kinda feels _nice._

I yawn. _Time to try and get some sleep._

I lay there and eventually fall asleep.

***

I wake up feeling safe and secure. _This blanket sure is cozy and warm. Wait a second, this blanket sure wasn’t this nice when I fell asleep._ I look down and notice it’s not the blanket keeping me warm, it’s Fluttershy wing outstretched over me. I blush.

_How long ago did she do that? Was it an accident? Was she asleep? What do I do? I can’t just ignore it, can I?_

I can feel her heartbeat against my back. I lay there for a minute just listening to the rhythmic sound. _This is rather soothing._

Fluttershy catches me off guard asking, “Dashie, are you awake?”

I reply after a few seconds of haze, “yes.”

I can feel her heartbeat rise. She sighs and says, “I’m sorry.”

I turn my head to get a look at her. She retreats her wing and hoof so I can turn over and look at her face to face.

I ask, “for what?”

She replies a few seconds later, “for cuddling you and making you uncomfortable.”

I take a few seconds to respond, thinking about what to say for a change. _This means she likes me, right? I did like cuddling. I should be honest about it. _

I respond in a slow whisper, “I never said I was uncomfortable, I actually _liked_ it.”

She looks at me surprised, “you did?”

I look away and say, “I have a hard time with all this mushy stuff.”

She puts her hoof on mine and I look at her again.

She says, “take your time.”

I take a moment to gather my thoughts. _I did enjoy her cuddling me. Fluttershy is really pretty. If it was going to be anyone, I am glad its Fluttershy. I think I’m more than fine with trying this out. Yea, I’ll do it._

I say, “I really liked it. It made me feel safe and protected.” once I finish I start to blush. She starts to blush as well.

I ask, “does this mean you want to go out with me?”

She responds, “yes.”

I say, “then yes, I want to go out with you too.”

She hugs me and I hug back, holding her tight. _This feels right._

Once the hug is over we lay facing each other for a few minutes until I yawn.

I say, “I’m getting tired, we should sleep.”

She replies, “ok Dashie.”

I fidget a bit and look at my hooves, “do you think you could hold me again like earlier while we sleep?”

She smiles, “absolutely.”

I hug her, “your the best Fluttershy.”

When the hug is over I turn over to face away from Fluttershy. She snuggles up behind me and puts her hoof over top of me, then slowly outstretches her wing to cover me.

“Thank you,” I whisper.

“Your welcome,” She whispers back.

I stroke her hoof with mine and whisper, “goodnight.”

Fluttershy replies, “goodnight.”

As I lay there in Fluttershy’s embrace I think, _I could get used to this._
