# 03 The fashionista and the farmer

I watch Rainbow and Fluttershy go to their bed, then turn to Applejack, “shall we?”

She looks at me and says, “sure.”

I trot to the left side of the right bed and use my magic to fix the sheets and blanket that Applejack messed up earlier from jumping on the bed. Once done I slowly get in and notice Applejack does the same. _How considerate._

We get comfortable and end up facing each other.

Applejack whispers, “Goodnight Rarity.”

I reply, “Goodnight Applejack.”

Just before Applejack close her eyes I think, _Applejack sure does have beautiful eyes._

I close my own eyes and try and sleep.

***

I wake up sometime later to Applejack sleeping with her head on my chest, holding me tight. _Somepony has been busy in her sleep._

I try and wiggle free, but Applejack has a strong hold on me. I eventually give up and decide to try and go back to sleep. _I’ll leave it._

As I’m trying to sleep I hear Applejack mumble in her sleep, “Rarity stay.”

I blush. _Maybe we should have a little talk tomorrow._

I whisper to Applejack as she slumbers on me, “sweet dreams.”

***

I woke up in the middle of the night. I couldn’t quite remember the dream I was having but I vaguely recall Rarity being in it. I notice my pillow is slowly rising and falling and open my eyes to see I had replaced my pillow with Rarity in my sleep. I blush, then let go of her and move back to my side of the bed. _Maybe that’s why I was dreaming of Rarity, I was sleepin’ on her._

I decide to forget the whole incident and go back to bed. As I’m laying there I can’t help but feel distant, like something is missing that was there just moments ago.

***

I woke up again sometime later. This time not to me laying on Rarity, but Rarity cuddlin’ me something fierce. She had herself pressed against my back, her hoof holding my chest, an’ her tail tucked between my legs. _How’d she done all this while I’m sleeping?_

My heartbeat rises and I blush. _She sure is close._

I can tell she is still asleep by her slowed breathing. _Was she asleep while she did this?_

_What should I do? _I could try and get free but that’d probably wake her up. I could just go back to sleep and let her freak out when she wakes up. _Yea, I think I’ll do that. Besides, it does kinda feel nice being held._

I close my eyes and try to sleep, as I’m laying there I hear Rarity mumble something, “Applejack, I lo...”

_What kind of dream is she having? It almost sounded like she was going to say I love you._

I blush. _That can’t be, right? It is just a dream, I’m sure we’ll laugh about this whole thing tomorrow._

My sleep was rather nice after that. Unbeknownst to me at the time, I had found the distant thing I gave up when I was trying to go back to sleep earlier, or more precisely, it found me.

***

I wake up sometime later in a blur. I immediately notice I’m very close to something, opening my eyes I realize its Applejack. I’m cuddling her and have my tail wrapped between her legs. _Oh my,_ _how did I do this?_

I try to retreat my hoof from holding Applejack but I can’t. She is holding onto it. _What do I do? I’ll just have to pull my leg out and hope it doesn’t wake her._

I go for it and fail.

“Huh, what’s going on,” I hear Applejack say.

“I would be glad to talk about it, but first could you let go of my hoof,” I say.

“Oh uh sure, sorry about that,” She replies as she lets go of my hoof. I let go of her and she turns to face me.

“No, I’m the one who should be sorry I accidentally was cuddling you in my sleep,” I say as Applejack turns over to face me.

“Don’t fret it none Rarity, I did the same earlier in my sleep too, sorry,” Applejack says.

“I may have noticed, and didn’t do anything about it,” I say as a blush forms on my cheeks.

Applejack blushes and says, “I noticed you all over me and did nothing as well. Tell you the truth I kinda liked it.”

My blush deepens, “you did?”

Applejack says sheepishly, “yes, you wouldn’t happen to have liked it too?”

I smile slyly, “I might have.”

She gives me a serious look and says, “did ya or didn’t ya?”

I answer, “yes I did like it.”

She asks, “what now?”

I ask, “Applejack, how would you like to go out with me?”

She replies with a smile, “I think I’d like that.”

I hug her and say, “oh Applejack, this is wonderful.”

She hugs back saying, “sure is.”

Once the hug is over Applejack says, “I’m a might bit tired, we should try and get some sleep.”

I blush, asking, “I concur, although do you think we might be able to cuddle while we fall asleep?”

Applejack smiles and says, “sure sugarcube.”

Applejack opens her hooves and I scoot close to her, I lay my head on her and she holds me. _I very much like this._

“Goodnight Applejack,” I say.

Applejack kisses my head and says, “Goodnight Rarity.”

I blush hard, glad Applejack can’t see my face.
