# 01

It was Hearths Warming day and all the ponies in Twilight’s castle were gathered around the hearth, ready to celebrate and have a night full of songs and festivities. But that is not the story we are here for. No, for today there is another celebration going on all around Equestria, the annual Pony Posterior Postulate Party.

Just down the hall from the ponies celebrating was the castle’s map room, and the chairs in there were excited as can be.

“Everychair, I am proud to declare the annual Pony Posterior Postulate Party started,” said Twilight Sparkle’s Throne.

Everychair cheered.



***

“Let's get this party started off right by talking about the butt we love the most,” said Twilight Sparkle’s throne, “I will go first,” When nochair argued she continued, “I love Twilight Sparkle’s butt. Her butt is so fluffy and soft, I mean it has to be with the amount she sits on it reading. I can tell when she is stressed out, her butt gets firmer and tense, its really cute. I love it when she reads on me, just me and her butt for hours on end. Her butt is just the best! Would you expect less from a princess? Her rear end is royalty.”

The other chairs cheered for Twilight Sparkle’s Throne, happy for her.

“Can I go next,” asked Fluttershy’s Throne.

“I don’t see why not,” replied Twilight Sparkle’s throne.

Fluttershy’s Throne said, “I love Fluttershy’s rump, if I could I would cuddle with it all night. It's not too big and not too small, it's just perfect. Her rump tenses up whenever she is anxious, I feel sorry for her sometimes. She is so graceful every time she sits down and gets up, never a surprise with her rump. Her rump is just too adorable.”

The other chairs cheered again, this time for Fluttershy’s Throne.

“Argh, you know what isn't soft and cuddly, Spike’s ass, I hate it, it sucks. His ass is hard and scaly,” Spike’s Throne says. He sighs and says, “I wish somepony like Pinkie Pie would sit in me. I bet her ass is super soft and cuddly.”

Fluttershy’s Throne spoke up agreeing, “Spike’s rump is hard and scaly, nothing like Fluttershy’s adorable rump.”

The other chairs have a moment of silence for Spike’s Throne, mourning the fact he doesn't know about the wonderful addiction that is pony butts.

“I’m sorry to hear that, maybe one of these days somepony will sit in you,” Twilight Sparkle’s Throne said trying to cheer him up.

“Speaking of Pinkie Pie’s tooshie, I guess I'll go next,” said Pinkie Pie’s Throne, “Her tooshie is just the best. It is super soft and cuddly like Spike’s Throne said. I can tell she eats a lot of pastries and pies. But I'm not complaining, just more off her tooshie for me to enjoy. I almost never felt her tense up, it's so rare. She is so carefree and fun. I wish she would sit on me more, she's always moving around and bouncing.”

“Pinkie Pie has also sat on me once, her butt was really nice and soft, I do have to agree,” said Twilight Sparkle’s Throne blushing, somehow.

The other chairs cheered for them, happy they liked Pinkie Pie’s butt.

Applejack’s Throne went next saying, “I love Applejack’s behind. Her behind is very firm and strong. She must do a lot of apple-bucking. I’m glad she sits on me and I can give her relief from a hard day's work. Even though her behind is firm it's still soft and warm. You can tell she has a lot of responsibilities from the tension in her behind. She should relax more, by sitting on me.”

Again they cheered.

Rarity’s Throne decided to go, “Rarity’s posterior is simply divine, as she would say. I love it. I cannot get enough of how soft it is, like a white fluffy pillow. Her posterior is well-kempt, she takes such care with her body. Her posterior looks amazing, just like her. Every time she sits down she likes to get comfy by moving her posterior around a bit to get the fit just right. It’s just cute as can be too.

They cheered again for the 6th time.

Rainbow Dash’s Throne went last this round, “I absolutely adore Rainbow Dash’s hindquarters. Her hindquarters are muscular, she is a fit pony. It’s so soft, yet firm. I love how I light up when she sits in me. I want to hug her hindquarters. 

They cheered again.

Twilight Sparkle’s Throne said, “Now that we've gushed about our favorite butts, let’s take a moment to mention any other butts we've experienced. I’ll start with Celestia. Her butt was amazing. It's massive in a good way. It was so soft and precious. I would love it if she were to sit on me again.”

The other chairs were envious of her, the ruler of Equestria had sat on her.

“That's really cool, Twilight Sparkle’s Throne,” said Rainbow Dash’s Throne.

