# Week 1

## Day 01: Brave New World

Dear diary,

I'M IN A LAND OF MAGICAL TALKING PONIES!

WHAT!

So, yea… I should probably start from the beginning. I went to bed last night and woke up in a strange new world. I was in a field of apple trees. I didn't know where I was, or where to go, so I headed to a barn I saw in the distance.

I was not ready for what awaited me there, it was an orange talking magical horse… or pony as they like to be called. She said hello in a tenuous tone, not sure of me. I said hello back, surprised we could understand each other.

As we talked we both let our guards down. She said her name was Applejack. I introduced myself, and asked where I was, and what happened.

She answered, saying I was at Sweet Apple Acres and that she didn't know where I came from or how I got there. We talked a bit more and she recommended I talk to her friend Twilight Sparkle, a *magical* magical talking horse pony thing.

Applejack led me through town to a giant castle thing, from the outside It looked more like a child's play set than a castle. She introduced me and left to finish her chores.

Twilight and I talked for hours, about where I came from and where I am now. She was very curious about my world, race, and everything else. She had to have asked a million questions.

She said she would try and help me get home. That made me feel better. She suggested I start writing in a diary to keep my thoughts in order, so now I have you.

She said this place is called Equestria, and this town is called Ponyville. She said I could stay with her for now. She offered to show me the town, but before we got out the door, one of her friends shows up, a pink pony named Pinkie Pie.

This new pony had no idea what personal space was and decided to sing me a *Welcome to Ponyville* song. Twilight told her what we were doing and Pinkie Pie asked if she can show me the town instead, and Twilight agreed, assuring me Pinkie was a good guide.

Pinkie and I left the castle, heading to see the town, but right after we got to Sugarcube Corner, Pinkie's home, it started to rain. Pinkie suggested we could hang out in her room. I didn't have any other options, so I agreed.

We hung out for a few hours, just talking about all sorts of stuff and playing games. Most of the games were hard to play, her room is too small to play tag effectively, not many places to hide for hide and seek. Even though it wasn't the most optimal place to play, I still had a lot of fun.

We talked about all different kinds of stuff, more so than I talked to Twilight about. She asked all sorts of random questions, favorite color, what I do for fun, if I'd eaten yet. Apparently she's a confectionery expert, and I can confirm. The cake she made was delicious.

She's always smiling, makes it hard to not smile back. Her positive energy is just infectious. She reassured me that everything was going to be alright. I don't know how I feel exactly, but her confidence makes me feel better.

Eventually the day was ending, and she took me back to Twilight's. When she left she gave me a hug. As I was hugging her I couldn't help but think of two things: *ponies are very soft*, and *Pinkie is ~~cute~~ cool.* ~~and then I~~

I talked to Twilight again, she asked about how it went with Pinkie, what it's like to be in a new world, and a few more questions. We didn't talk for long, I was tired from all the fun and games with Pinkie.

I think some of Pinkie rubbed off on me, as I gave Twilight a hug before I told her thanks, and goodnight.

I went back to my room and just laid down, thinking about what has happened to me.

This is absolutely crazy. I'm in a new world making friends with a bunch of ponies.

Also, I should probably mention this, I went to bed in my underwear, but when I woke up here I was fully dressed, and in my pocket was INSERT ITEM HERE. I don't know why it was there.

I'm going to stop writing now, my hand is hurting. I expect this is going to be the longest entry in this diary, so much has happened today.

Goodnight.

~Josh

***

Dear diary,

I was having trouble sleeping, I can only imagine why.

I got up and wandered the halls, ending up getting lost. A small dragon found me, assuring me he wasn't going to eat me. His name is Spike, he's Twilight's assistant. He showed me around, and said it's easy to get lost in here. *Tell me about it.*

We ended up bonding over being the only one of our kind in Ponyville. He said you get used to it.

I asked him if we could eat something, and he offered to make food. His food was good, but not as good as Pinkie's.

He seemed a little embarrassed when he asked if I wanted something to sleep with. I asked what he meant and he showed me a small plush of a white unicorn with a purple mane.

I didn't know what to say so I just agreed. He told me the white one he had was of Rarity, the mare he has a crush on. *That's cute.* He said tomorrow he could introduce me to her.

He gave me one, of the same mare. Maybe it will help, we'll see.

He showed me back to my room, now I'm going to try and sleep now, night.

~Josh

## Day 02: Meeting Ponies

Dear diary,

Today I was on my way to Twilight's when I ran into Spike and Josh. Spike had introduced Josh to Rarity, and they were just leaving when I found them.

I asked if I could finish showing Josh the town since we got rained out yesterday. He said yes and Spike decided to go back home.

I showed him all around town, the market, town hall, post office, train station. He seemed pretty overwhelmed with it all, so I thought we could slow down and go see Fluttershy.

Fluttershy was very shy at first, but as they talked she opened up. Josh said he had a cat back home and they got into it about how cute cats are.

Fluttershy was very curious about humans, and the other animals that were on his planet. It was nice seeing them bond. When we left, Josh gave Fluttershy a big hug. I think he likes hugs! Me too!

After we left, we went into town to find Rainbow. Josh and Rainbow immediately hit it off. They raced on the ground, Rainbow won. Josh was pretty exhausted from the race, so we sat down and just talked after.



~Pinkie Pie

## Day 03: Lost and Found

Dear diary,

Today I took a walk around town, to try to clear my mind and just think. I realized something during that walk.

Twilight and Pinkie are my friends.

I know that might not sound like a big revelation, both of them have been nothing but amazing towards me. I guess I just haven't thought about it till now.

I'm still not used to this world, sure the ponies are really nice and friendly, but everything is made for them, not me.

I don't know how long I'm going to be here, or how long it's going to take for me to adjust to living here.

After I realized they were my friends, I realized I liked Pinkie more. Right now, I don't know why. I mean Twilight is the one letting me stay with her, and she's trying to help me get home.

I ended up getting lost of the walk, I had no idea where I was or what to do. I didn't recognize anyone around me, then as I was standing there trying to think of what to do, I had a panic attack.

I remember seeing what I thought was the way to Fluttershy's house, and I ran. I don't remember much, but I do remember hugging Fluttershy and crying.

I don't know why I had a panic attack, I never got any back home. I can only assume it's from being in this new world.

Apparently Fluttershy was the right pony to go to, she said she has panic attacks from time to time. After I had calmed down and let go of her, we talked a lot.

the conversation is kinda blur to me, all I can vividly remember is her reassuring me that it's okay and then giving me a hug.

Fluttershy walked me back to Twilight's, I made sure to thank her and give her another hug.

I haven't told Twilight about the panic attack, might wait a day or two.

I think I need to go to sleep after that, night.

~Josh

## Day 04: Castle Cleaning



## Day 05: Questioning the Questioner



## Day 06: Rainbow Run



## Day 07: Pen Pals

