# Starlight → Spike ([TheAncientPolitzanian](https://www.fimfiction.net/user/338193/TheAncientPolitzanian))

Dear Spike,

I’ll admit it: when I saw your name on the envelope, I felt the hairs of my coat stand on end. I’ve had the privilege of living under the same roof as you and Twilight for quite some time now, and it goes without saying that I’ve had my fair share of anxieties about my place in that arrangement. Realizing I’d be hearing from you brought a lot of them back to the surface.

Point is, I can’t blame you for hating me. I probably couldn’t blame you if you still hated me, either. And I say hate because there really isn’t any point in sugercoating it — I looked you and Twilight in the faces over and over as I dragged the both of you through time, and not once it hit me that my plans would literally wipe you from existence. Like, there’s no way I couldn’t have known it on some level.  ~~and I still feel a pit in my stomach when I look at you sometim~~

Okay, this is probably the part where I should’ve vaporized this stupid paper and started over, but I’ve already done that twice now and I don’t think it’s a good idea to violate the spirit of this whole “Get your feelings out” exercise more than I already have. If the stream of consciousness is going to overflow, may as well let it wash away everything, run-on sentences be damned. And you felt like you had to apologize for dumping things on me! Ha.

The funny thing is, if anything, I’ve been surprised at just how patient you’ve been with me. When we were going through Twilight’s big “Reunion with Sunburst” checklist in the Crystal Empire, I was sure you’d make some snappy quip about how much you hated my guts any second, and it never came. If you had all those reservations about me back then, I appreciate that you were willing to bottle them up for my sake, but really, I’m more thankful you finally felt you could be honest about them now. Funny you should mention Trixie: you’re likely well aware, but the two of us had something of a, well, episode recently, and it reminded me that bottling up your feelings is rarely a smart move — metaphorically or literally. I know you said I “didn’t need to hear” that stuff you wrote at the end, so hopefully this doesn’t seem like I’m prying too much in return, but I think you should at least consider discussing those uncertainties with Twilight. If nothing else, you don’t have to fret over me replacing you in her eyes. You two have known each other so well for so long, and you’ll be a part of each other’s lives far, far longer than I can; I wouldn’t dream of trying to drive that apart again. Even if I wanted to (which, again, I don’t), the only way I could ever hope to is if you didn’t even exist. (Which, again, I won’t try causing.  Horseapples, I just made it awkward again, didn’t I? Y’know what, not going to bother scribbling it out this time.)

And to answer your question: Trixie has her moments, as I’m sure you and Twilight are well aware, but at the end of the day, she gets me even if I don’t always get her. Maybe it’s for the best that I have a friend and don’t necessarily have their ear too, if that makes any sense.

On an unrelated note, about that letter-writing hangup you mentioned: have you ever considered getting a pen pal? I’ve been corresponding with Sunburst for a while now (Thanks again for flaming him that one letter last week, by the way — here’s hoping Ditzy Doo doesn’t lock everypony out of the post office again), and I definitely feel like the back-and-forth’s made me better at articulating my thoughts. I used to be pretty self-conscious over writing that stuff down when I was younger; maybe if I’d broken through that mental barrier sooner, I’d have thought to write to Sunburst after he first left for Canterlot and things wouldn’t have spiraled the way I let them. I doubt you’d pull what I did, of course, but hey, you might find it worth the effort anyway. I know you and Twilight have a couple friends back in Canterlot — sidenote, don’t ask me how I knew that — but maybe you’ll have somepony else in mind. Don’t let me tell you what to do too much, now; “good push” or not, you’re you and I’m only me.

Your friend,  
Starlight

P.S. Just realized I forgot to include something we could do together. Not sure if that’s a requirement-requirement for this, but in any case… If it’s not too much trouble, would you mind showing me an issue or two of your Power Ponies comics? Apparently, they rebooted the whole series again while I was AWOL in Our Town. Might be worth getting back into for all I know.
